Enhance custom functions section in the pc schema configuration (#875)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/configuration/config_maps/projection_changes_schema.md

In some cases you may want a finer control over the creation of the projection changes identifier. Such control can be achieved within service configuration providing a _custom function_,
which is applied to each document retrieved by the last step of the strategy path (in this case records extracted from `BASE_PROJECTION` collection).

## Custom Functions

:::caution

> Please note that this feature is **only** supported by the <ins>Single View Trigger Generator</ins>, **not** the <ins>Real-Time Updater</ins>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that this feature is **only** supported by <ins>Single View Trigger Generator</ins> service, whereas <ins>Real-Time Updater</ins> does **not** handle it.
```
What do you think about this version?

Author: Sounds better, I'll update accordingly
